Dante was a little boy. He lived with his family in a small village located at the foot of a high mountain, far from the city. As a child, his favourite thing was to listen to the myths of the village sage. The villagers thought these myths were unimportant, but Dante trusted the village sage.

According to myth, monsters of unspeakable and unimaginable evil lived in the mountain. They were only visible to people one night a year. The legend said that the king of monsters and the monsters would one day come out of the mountain and attack the village. According to the village residents, there was nothing to fear because the cave entrances leading to the surface of the mountain were sealed with a spell in the old language. The only person living nearby who vaguely remembered the old language was the village elder. That's why people thought they were safe except for two people.

Dante must have been so engrossed in the myths he heard from the old man that he would always go up the mountains in his spare time and try to find these cave entrances, but he would come back without finding anything.

One day, when he was only six years old, Dante could not sleep. He started looking out the window of their barracks. He saw a beam of light far away. Probably because of the light provided by the beam, he saw a black silhouette next to the light. He thought someone had lit a fire, but the light suddenly disappeared and a sudden explosion occurred. The whole village woke up and started looking towards the location of the explosion. The village sage said that this explosion was a bad sign and that monsters would attack the village. Hearing this, the village people started to run away. Men armed themselves, and women and children began to run towards the forest area, opposite the mountain. Dante was running after his mother into the forest, but he could not take his eyes off the flames coming out of the village. The last thing he saw of the village was a stone golem destroying their house with a single move.

Women, children and a few men who had escaped from the village were running non-stop. The village sage said that the monsters would chase them until sunrise. When the fleeing people came near the river, they stopped to drink some water. Meanwhile, Dante's mother warned him as he dived into the flames approaching from behind. He told her that she should not stop no matter what, and that she should leave her mother behind if necessary. They set off again.

No matter what they did, the gap was gradually closing. When they came to a steep slope, they began to think that they were doomed. A few minutes later, the monster squad caught up with the village people. The Monster King Necromancer with his outfit as black as night, countless orcs, golems and zombie people dying in the village... The people of the village started to run away. Dante and his mother were cowering behind a tree, trying to stay away from the conflict. At that moment, Dante heard his father's voice and came out into the open, but what he saw was his father dead. Just as his father was about to attack them, a stranger repelled his father. Without saying anything, the stranger took Dante's arm and muttered a spell in the ancient language. Dante was unconscious at that time. It was there that he last saw his mother and father.

When Dante came to, he found himself lying next to a fireplace. He thought they came to the city because of the sounds coming from outside, but he had no idea how they came. At that moment, he saw the stranger cooking at the stove. The stranger introduced himself. He said that he was a traveller, that he saw the light coming from the mountain from afar and that he could only come. Dante would spend his later life as the student of this stranger.

Years passed. For years, Dante yearned to return to his hometown and take revenge on the Necromancer. When he turned twenty-one, he realized that he had learned everything he needed to learn and that it was time to realize his purpose in living. He set out towards the mountain, not knowing what would happen to him.

